Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
It's a bit difficult to explain
Every day you wake up.
and find you have nowhere to go.
It comes to your mind.
"My God. why did you do this?"
Can we get an interview about the Max?
I'm doing OK.
They're going to ask you apparently
about a manager
who sought to halt the production
of the 737 MAX today.
Did you know about anything like that?
What would your response to that be now?
BOEING: So I guess what
I'll start with then. is the control law
that is referred to in the press right now
called MCAS.
So it's just a little bit of software
in the flight control system.
Obviously. in the accident
a couple of weeks ago
it's been reported that
the system misbehaved.
BOEING: A million miles
you're going to fly this airplane.
and maybe once
you're going to see this ever.
So we try not to overload the crews
with information that's unnecessary.
And I don't know that
understanding this system
would have changed the outcome of this.
Administrator Dickson you're our hope.
you are our hope.
Thank you so much.
That took courage.
You're doing the right thing
by making sure it gets fixed
and no other family
has to go through this.
Thank you.
Yeah.
One of our engineers
turned in a safety report
and the manager was upset.
Because now you've got a delay
in the program.
and it's all going to impact
the program's schedule
and managers retaliate.
And so the people that I talk to
said that they have not seen
any change.
There's some real problems
with the organization.
In all fairness. we went through ten years
of just absolutely amazing safety level.
But then. there was a lot of complacency.
both in industry and at the agency.
And Boeing has huge influence politically.
A lot of money put into lobbying Congress.
And it just shows the acceptance
of the Boeing...
the Boeing position on things.
because the Agency and Congress
they are focused on enabling industry
and I think the belief system is
that is safe enough.